What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	presumabably you need to need to let git know to start tracking the changes in the files, because if you don't it wont' know when to start.  

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area provides a separate container that identifies that files that will be included in the next committ.  It allows you to separate all the working directly files from the ones you want to track. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	because you can run git diff --staged to compare what you have staged to the latest commit to ensure that you're committing just one logical change per commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	If you were working on a large change that had many impacts across the project, it could be a good way to keep that process separate from the main branch until it was tested enough to merge back into the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	this let's you know which committs can be accessed from which branches so you know where visually you are in the hierarchy. with comman 'git log --graph --oneline branch1 branch2'

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result is that you can get to all the upstream commits from a merge event.  It's represented that way to indicate that fact.  Commits are interspersed, so it's not clear what the parent is.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	if there are no obvious conflicts the automatic merge will save time.  If there's any hint of an issue however.  Manual work makes sense to resolve.

commands: 

git init #to start a repository in a directory
git status
git add [file to add to staging area]
git commit [files in stage to current branch]
git commit -m "commit message"
git log
git log --graph --oneline #graphical representation of commit history including branches
git branch
git checkout [branchname]
git checkout -b [new branch name]
git diff [old commit] [new commit]
git diff difference between current files and staged
git diff --staged  #difference between staged and commit
git merge [branch1] [branch2]
git show #changes compared to parent without actually knowing who the parent is.
git branch -d [branch name] #just deletes label, do after merge, commits not lost because incorporated into master.
